# BE_WeLearn_CP24
BE appliction for capstone project FPT SP24

Product Background
Education has always been a solitary endeavor, with people relying on lectures, texts, and exercises. However, research has shown that studying in groups can provide several benefits that cannot be accomplished alone. In the fast-paced digital age, education is no longer limited to traditional ways. Collaborative learning, particularly through studying in groups, has emerged as a favored method for augmenting comprehension, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. Recognizing this transition, we introduce you to Group Study, a cutting-edge platform developed to transform group study experiences for people who are studying software engineering.
Group Study is a digital platform designed to offer people an innovative and smooth approach to participating in collaborative learning. It enables people to form study groups regardless of geographical limits, and it supports productive study sessions with a variety of features designed to improve the group study experience.
The platform enables people to build or join study groups. Users can search for groups that share similar goals and study interests, making it simple to identify compatible group members. By creating groups with similar interests, participants can work on issues together, discuss ideas, and visualize concepts, creating a rich and dynamic learning environment through features in the study rooms with real-time video. Moreover, people can also set study session times and receive reminders by using scheduling features. Besides that, Group Study allows participants to upload and share study materials, presentations, and reference papers in groups. This promotes complete group learning and ensures all members have access to useful resources. In addition, Group Study helps people ask questions and receive answers in groups. This makes it a valuable resource for finding solutions to people's problems.
